2020-08-31 Blog post: Rust, Arduino and Embedded Development as a Beginner: Part 1 (#134)
rust-embedded/blog: content/2020-08-31-newsletter-26.md

- TODO(remove, this is an example) the Rust compiler has gained cross compilation support for the Xtensa architecture!

> - A new blog post (in 2 parts) by [@cecton] targeted to experienced developers but embedded development beginners: [Rust, Arduino and Embedded Development as a Beginner: Part 1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@cecton] wrote a blog post targeted to experienced developers but embedded development beginners: [Rust, Arduino and Embedded Development as a Beginner: Part 1]
```

Author: Perfect!
